Q- What is basic difference between Logical and Bitwise operators?
A-  Bitwaise Operator -1)Bitwise operator is the type of operator provided by the programming language to perform computations.
                       2)Bitwise operators work on bits and perform bit by bit operations.
                       3)Bitwise operators are &, |, ^, ~, <<, >>.
                       4)It return an integer. 
                       5)Bitwise operators work on binary digits of integer values (long, int, short, char, and byte) 
                       
   Logical Operator -  1)Logical Operator is a type of operator provided by the programming language to perform logic-based operations.
                       2)Logical operators are used to making a decision based on multiple conditions.
                       3)Logical operators are &&, ||, !
                       4)It returns boolean values (True or False).
                       5)Logical operators work on boolean expressions.
                       
Q- Which Operator is better? Bitwise and Logical. also write reasons?
A- Both the operators can be used in different scenarios, logical operators are more likely to be used when making a decision based program whereas bitwise operators 
   are often found when working on bit level.Although Bitwise operator has a speed advantage it lacks some function of  working with float or boolean values, hence 
   both operators are eqally important, rather than choosing one over other, its better to use them where they are better suited.

Q- Explain 3 exmaples which shows logical operator usage better instead of bitwise?
A- case a) suppose we require an AND operator in (5 > 10) && (20 > 5), here the logical operator will provide a answer just by left statement 
           (which is false in this case) and wont go to right hand side,whereas a bitwise operator would have to check both sides.
Q- What is reserve Keyword?
A- Reserved keywords are reserved words in Java that serve as a code key. These words can't be used for anything else because they're predefined.
    They can't be used as a variable name, object name, or any other identifier. 
    
Q- How many keywords available in java?
A- Currently there are 67 reserved terms or keywords in Java.
    ex   abstract	,continue	,for ,new, switch, finally , for
         assert, default, goto , package, synchronized
         boolean, do , if	,private, this, Public, Package
         break, double, implements, protected, throw
         
Q- Why java consider goto as keyword?
A- Java keyword list specifies the goto keyword, but it is marked as "not used".It was in the original JVM, but then removed. It was probably kept as a reserved
    keyword in case it were to be added to a later version of Java.If goto was not on the list, and it gets added to the language later on, existing code that used
    the word goto as an identifier (variable name, method name, etc...) would break. But because goto is a keyword, such code will not even compile in the present,
    and it remains possible to make it actually do something later on, without breaking existing code.
